

2. 1 Performance: App Completeness
2. 3 Performance: Accurate Metadata
2. 5 Performance: Software Requirements
Guideline 2.1 - Performance - App Completeness


We discovered one or more bugs in your app when reviewed on iPad running iOS 11.2.5 on Wi-Fi connected to an IPv6 network.

Specifically, your app was unable to fetch any content in 生活圈.

Please see attached screenshots for details.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please run your app on a device to identify any issues, then revise and resubmit your app for review.

If we misunderstood the intended behavior of your app, please reply to this message in Resolution Center to provide information on how these features were intended to work.

For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of your app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce the issue. For updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce the issue.

Resources

For information about testing your app and preparing it for review, please see Technical Note TN2431: App Testing Guide.

For a networking overview, please review About Networking. For a more specific overview of App Review’s IPv6 requirements, please review the IPv6 and App Review discussion on the Apple Developer Forum.

Guideline 2.3.3 - Performance - Accurate Metadata


We noticed that your screenshots do not sufficiently reflect your app in use.

Specifically, the screenshots for iPhone 5.8’’ display do not sufficiently reflect your app in use on the iPhone X device.

Please see attached screenshots for details.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise your screenshots to ensure that they accurately reflect the app in use on the supported devices. For iPhone, you need a set of 5.5-inch display screenshots and for iPad, you need a set for 12.9-inch display. This set will be scaled appropriately down to other device sizes when viewed on the App Store in each territory.

Resources

For resources on creating great screenshots for the App Store, you may want to review the App Store Product Page information available on the Apple developer portal.

Please ensure you have made any screenshot modifications using Media Manager. You should confirm your app looks and behaves identically in all languages and on all supported devices. Learn how to use Media Manager to add custom screenshots for each display size and localization.

Since your iTunes Connect status is Rejected, a new binary will be required. Make the desired metadata changes when you upload the new binary.

NOTE: Please be sure to make any metadata changes to all app localizations by selecting each specific localization and making appropriate changes.

Guideline 2.5.4 - Performance - Software Requirements


Your app declares support for location in the UIBackgroundModes key in your Info.plist file but does not have any features that require persistent location. Apps that declare support for location in the UIBackgroundModes key in your Info.plist file must have features that require persistent location.

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please revise your app to include features that require the persistent use of real-time location updates while the app is in the background.

If your app does not require persistent real-time location updates, please remove the "location" setting from the UIBackgroundModes key. You may wish to use the significant-change location service or the region monitoring location service if persistent real-time location updates are not required for your app features.

Resources

For more information, please review the Starting the Significant-Change Location Service and Monitoring Geographical Regions.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app’s review.
http://a1174.phobos.apple.com/us/r30/Purple118/v4/01/2e/91/012e917a-4671-aba4-2c52-c17ac55e6282/attachment-8935900051892356920Screenshot-0129-094929.png?downloadKey3=1517468592_136f194d52364468ef8df19658467af2


